base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:false, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:false, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:false, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:false, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:false, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:false, keyboard:true, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:false, coinValidation:true, availability:true, terminal:true, keyboard:false, showStock:true, flexiblequantity:true, totalValueCollected:true, 
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:
Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false

base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:trueflexiblequantity:falsetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
base:truecoinvalidation:trueavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 


Configuration:
base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:truekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
Configuration:base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:falseshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false


 ----------------------- 



base:truecoinvalidation:falseavailability:falseterminal:falsekeyboard:trueshowstock:falseflexiblequantity:truetotalvaluecollected:false

1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0
18,0
19,0
20,0
21,0
22,0
23,0
24,0
25,0
26,0
27,0
28,8
1,100
2,20
3,30
4,0
5,0
6,0
7,0
8,0
9,0
10,0
11,0
12,0
13,0
14,0
15,0
16,0
17,0